what's up everybody its Yeong here and
welcome to a Metal Gear Online 3 news
update the following information comes
from the official Metal Gear Online
Twitter page through which details were
provided about a brand new item for MgO
3 the fulton trap here is a concept art
of the new gadget as you can see it's
pretty close to what we saw in the
latest trailer also this concept art
made me realize that the trap that I
couldn't identify in my trailer analysis
could be the fulton trap with the blades
around the perimeter which act as the
traps base folded up anyway to celebrate
a thousand tweets the development team
decided to host a Q&A about the item
through their official Twitter page
yielding tons of new details I went
ahead and sorted through every single
question and answer and compiled all the
new information in this video there were
a lot of repeat questions as well as
questions that the team can answer so I
excluded those to cut off all the fat
and leave you guys with only the meat
I'm gonna be shooting these facts out so
brace yourself let's start with some
technical details the fulton trap is
made of steel alloy waste 27.5 pounds
has a diameter of approximately six
hundred and nine point six millimeters a
height of 381 millimeters so
approximately knee height a muzzle
velocity of a hundred meters per second
a filling weight of 2.5 pounds and a
maximum firing range of 5 meters meaning
that 5 meters is the traps
360 degrees activation radius as for the
projectile it shoots a self inflating
balloon that attaches to a lift line on
a V shaped yoke it uses braided nylon
line and the device also uses miler
marker next let's talk about how this
weapon is integrated in gameplay fulton
traps are essentially turrets that
automatically fire a fulton projectile
when enemy players are within 5 meters
of where it's placed there are currently
no remote-controlled versions of the
according to the developers and like
claymores they cannot be thrown only
placed still this certainly does sound
like a formidable weapon but fortunately
there are certain drawbacks keeping it
at bay from becoming overpowered for
example this is a one-time used weapon
meaning that it only shoots one round
before it's rendered obsolete and
disappears furthermore the Fulton trap
only targets one player and as of now
there are no area-of-effect versions of
this weapon it's one trap one use one
victim currently Fulton traps can be
used by any class and in any game mode
but this could change down the line
according to the developers the default
carrying capacity for the support weapon
is 1 but this number can be increased
down the line probably through leveling
or whatever progression system MgO 3
will be implementing once players have a
Fulton trap in hand placing one takes
less than a second when an enemy player
steps into it's 5 meter radius the
effect is instant meaning that the
projectile cannot be dodged by any means
also there are currently no immunities
to the trap
so even players who are using gear like
stealth camouflage the cardboard box or
ballistic shields will be affected by
the Fulton trap once a player is shot by
the Fulton trap they'll be suspended in
the air for two seconds before they are
taken away during those two seconds they
will be completely helpless meaning they
can't shoot the balloon or anything like
that all they can do is use preset
messages to call other players and hope
that someone comes because the only way
to stop being launched away is to have a
teammate shoot the balloon
conversely within those two seconds the
victim is completely immune meaning that
they cannot be tranquilized or killed in
their suspended state essentially within
those 2 seconds the players fate is
solely decided by whether the balloon is
shot down in time or not now if players
managed to spot the trap before walking
within its 5 meter radius all they have
to do is shoot it down to get rid of it
there is currently no other way to
deactivate or tamper with it for example
players can't crawl over a Fulton trap
to retrieve it
furthermore even if players managed to
kill the individual who placed the
Fulton trap
it'll remain there until somebody falls
for it shoots it down or until the match
ends as for those unlucky players who
are successfully Fulton they'll be taken
out of the field until they respawn this
doesn't count as a kill but at the same
time the game does take into account
when a player is Fulton in other words
the game differentiates lethal takedowns
and non-lethal takedowns this is likely
indication that there will be a separate
counter for Fulton's it's also important
to keep in mind that Fulton tting
players can have different effects
depending on the game mode in a game
mode like deathmatch volt inning players
will count as non-lethal takedowns while
in a game-mode like team sneaking
faltering players will leave the
victimized team with one less player
making it more difficult for that team
to attack or defend now a lot of people
inquired about creative ways of using
the Fulton trap with objects but it was
noted that Fulton traps will only shoot
players and was also noted that they can
only be placed on floors and horizontal
surfaces they cannot be placed on walls
or vertical surfaces although this could
change down the line they can be placed
indoors however although if past mgs5
footages any indication that won't
really yield any good results also as of
now Fulton traps cannot be customized or
upgraded in any way shape or form the
only thing that can change is the
carrying capacity which is one by
default as I mentioned before I keep
using words like currently as of now and
down the line and that's because many of
these features numbers and mechanics
could change throughout development the
tweets themselves said so if there is
one thing that the folks at Kojima
Productions la have proven it's that
they take audience feedback seriously
they even expressed that they found some
ideas suggested during the QA intriguing
for example one Twitter user suggested a
mortar version of the Fulton trap while
another suggested that perhaps the mini
metal gear could be equipped with some
kind of Fulton trap launcher for
non-lethal takedowns this doesn't mean
that these suggestions will be
implemented but they're paying attention
to feedback and considering them
carefully one less thing to note about
the Fulton trap is that it is MgO 3
exclusive for now meaning players won't
find this item
MJ's five the phantom pain now they did
mention that the Fulton trap as well as
many other aspects of Metal Gear Online
3 are ultimately approved by Kojima
himself so there's always the chance
that Kojima will take some of the ideas
that the LA team comes up with and
implement them in the single-player as I
stated before things can change during
development so there you have it folks
every new information about the fulton
trap from Metal Gear Online threes
official Twitter thank you for tuning in
what are your thoughts on the fulton
trap do you like it in its current state
or are there some changes you would make
let us know in the comments below and to
be further updated on Metal Gear Online
3 stay tuned on young gear I'll see you
guys next time
young out